README.md, before:

# Repository Template

Start with an overview or a brief description of what the project is about and what it does.

There is an expectation that each file of this repository template is concise and self-documented.

## Table of Contents

- [Repository Template](#repository-template)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Architecture](#architecture)
    - [Diagrams](#diagrams)
    - [Configuration](#configuration)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Contacts](#contacts)
  - [Licence](#licence)

## Installation

By including preferably a one-liner or if necessary a set of clear CLI instructions we improve user experience. This should be a frictionless installation process that works on various operating systems (macOS, Linux, Windows WSL) and handles all the dependencies.

```shell
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/org/repo/branch/install.sh)"
```

### Prerequisites

The following software packages or their equivalents are expected to be installed

- [GNU make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

## Usage

After a successful installation, provide an informative example of how this project can be used. Additional code snippets, screenshots and demos work well in this space. You may also link to the other documentation resources, e.g. the [User Guide](./docs/user-guide.md) to demonstrate more use cases and to show more features.

## Architecture

### Diagrams

The [C4 model](https://c4model.com/) is a simple and intuitive way to create software architecture diagrams that are clear, consistent, scalable and most importantly collaborative. This should result in documenting all the system interfaces, external dependencies and integration points.

### Configuration

Most of the projects are built with customisability and extendability in mind. At a minimum, this can be achieved by implementing service level configuration options and settings. The intention of this section is to show how this can be used. If the system processes data, you could mention here for example how the input is prepared for testing - anonymised, synthetic or live data.

## Contributing

Describe or link templates on how to raise an issue, feature request or make a contribution to the codebase. Reference the other documentation files, like

- Environment setup for contribution, i.e. `CONTRIBUTING.md`
- Coding standards, branching, linting, practices for development and testing
- Release process, versioning, changelog
- Backlog, board, roadmap, ways of working
- High-level requirements, guiding principles, decision records, etc.

## Contacts

Provide a way to contact the owners of this project. It can be a team, an individual or information on the means of getting in touch via active communication channels, e.g. opening a GitHub discussion, raising an issue, etc.

## Licence

> The [LICENCE.md](./LICENCE.md) file will need to be updated with the correct year and owner

Unless stated otherwise, the codebase is released under the MIT License. This covers both the codebase and any sample code in the documentation.

Any HTML or Markdown documentation is [© Crown Copyright](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/information-management/re-using-public-sector-information/uk-government-licensing-framework/crown-copyright/) and available under the terms of the [Open Government Licence v3.0](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/).

Commit message:

DR-85 initial githooks and terraform format github action (#1)
<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line first-line-heading -->
## Description

<!-- Describe your changes in detail. -->

## Context

<!-- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->

## Type of changes

<!-- What types of changes does your code introduce? Put an `x` in all
the boxes that apply. -->

- [ ] Refactoring (non-breaking change)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [x] Breaking change (fix or feature that would change existing
functionality)
- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)

## Checklist

<!-- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes
that apply. -->

- [x] I am familiar with the [contributing
guidelines](../docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [x] I have followed the code style of the project
- [ ] I have added tests to cover my changes
- [x] I have updated the documentation accordingly
- [x] This PR is a result of pair or mob programming

---

## Sensitive Information Declaration

To ensure the utmost confidentiality and protect your and others
privacy, we kindly ask you to NOT including [PII (Personal Identifiable
Information) / PID (Personal Identifiable
Data)](https://digital.nhs.uk/data-and-information/keeping-data-safe-and-benefitting-the-public)
or any other sensitive data in this PR (Pull Request) and the codebase
changes. We will remove any PR that do contain any sensitive
information. We really appreciate your cooperation in this matter.

- [x] I confirm that neither PII/PID nor sensitive data are included in
this PR and the codebase changes.

---------

Co-authored-by: Jonathan Pearce <j.pearce1@nhs.net>

README.md, after:

# uec dos

The Directory of Services (DOS) provides a searchable catalog of healthcare services appropriate to a person's urgent and emergency care (UEC) needs. It consists of a UI for data administrators and a number of APIs to interrogate the data and return appropriate services

There is an expectation that each file of this repository template is concise and self-documented.

## Table of Contents

- [uec dos](#uec-dos)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Architecture](#architecture)
    - [Diagrams](#diagrams)
    - [Configuration](#configuration)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Contacts](#contacts)
  - [Licence](#licence)

## Installation

By including preferably a one-liner or if necessary a set of clear CLI instructions we improve user experience. This should be a frictionless installation process that works on various operating systems (macOS, Linux, Windows WSL) and handles all the dependencies.

```shell
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/org/repo/branch/install.sh)"
```

### Prerequisites

The following software packages or their equivalents are expected to be installed

- [GNU make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

## Usage

After a successful installation, provide an informative example of how this project can be used. Additional code snippets, screenshots and demos work well in this space. You may also link to the other documentation resources, e.g. the [User Guide](./docs/user-guide.md) to demonstrate more use cases and to show more features.

## Architecture

### Diagrams

The [C4 model](https://c4model.com/) is a simple and intuitive way to create software architecture diagrams that are clear, consistent, scalable and most importantly collaborative. This should result in documenting all the system interfaces, external dependencies and integration points.

### Configuration

Most of the projects are built with customisability and extendability in mind. At a minimum, this can be achieved by implementing service level configuration options and settings. The intention of this section is to show how this can be used. If the system processes data, you could mention here for example how the input is prepared for testing - anonymised, synthetic or live data.

## Contributing

To ensure consistency and turn on the required githooks contributors must run the following script from the project root see below

/bin/bash scripts/git/git-config-set-up.sh

Describe or link templates on how to raise an issue, feature request or make a contribution to the codebase. Reference the other documentation files, like

- Environment setup for contribution, i.e. `CONTRIBUTING.md`
- Coding standards, branching, linting, practices for development and testing
- Release process, versioning, changelog
- Backlog, board, roadmap, ways of working
- High-level requirements, guiding principles, decision records, etc.

## Contacts

Provide a way to contact the owners of this project. It can be a team, an individual or information on the means of getting in touch via active communication channels, e.g. opening a GitHub discussion, raising an issue, etc.

## Licence

> The [LICENCE.md](./LICENCE.md) file will need to be updated with the correct year and owner

Unless stated otherwise, the codebase is released under the MIT License. This covers both the codebase and any sample code in the documentation.

Any HTML or Markdown documentation is [© Crown Copyright](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/information-management/re-using-public-sector-information/uk-government-licensing-framework/crown-copyright/) and available under the terms of the [Open Government Licence v3.0](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/).
